Review the **Get Started** section (User Guide) (#2193)
advancedtelematic/ota-plus-server: ota-plus-web/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/get-access.adoc

= Get Access

You can register for a free account to get access to the OTA Connect Portal.

*To register for the account:*

1. Go to the xref:https://connect.ota.here.com[OTA Connect Portal].
2. Click *Register for a HERE account*.
3. Specify your first name, last name, and email address.
4. Create a password for your HERE Account.
5. Specify your date of birth and the country in which you live.
+
NOTE: HERE needs to verify your date of birth to ensure that you are of the legal age to access and use HERE services.

> 6. In *Security check*, enter the security code that you see on the picturegit push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In *Security check*, enter the security code that you see in the picture.
```

Author: Corrected
